feat(account): notification manager docs (#4079)
scaleway/docs-content: console/account/how-to/manage-notifications.mdx

---
meta:
  title: How to manage notifications
  description: Learn how to use the notification manager
content:
  h1: How to manage notifications
  paragraph: Learn how to use the notification manager.
tags: account notification
dates:
  validation: 2024-12-04
  posted: 2024-12-04
categories:
  - account
---

> The **notification manager** allows you to configure different types of notifications about your Organization. It also provides shortcuts to your [Budget alerts](/docs/console/billing/how-to/use-billing-alerts/), [Cockpit alerts](/docs/observability/cockpit/how-to/enable-alert-manager/), and the Scaleway [status page](https://status.scaleway.com/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **notification manager** allows you to configure different types of notifications about your Organization. It also provides shortcuts to your [Budget alerts](/console/billing/how-to/use-billing-alerts/), [Cockpit alerts](/observability/cockpit/how-to/enable-alert-manager/), and the Scaleway [status page](https://status.scaleway.com/). 
```

<Macro id="requirements" />

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)

> ## Accessing the notification manager

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Accessing the notification manager

```

To access the Notification Manager:

> 1. Log into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com).
> 2. Click on your Organization name in the top-right corner of the console.
> 3. Select **notification manager** from the dropdown menu. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com).
2. Click on your Organization name in the top-right corner of the console.
3. Select **notification manager** from the drop-down menu. 
```

> ## Types of notifications

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Types of notifications

```

The notification manager lets you decide who receives each type of notification. Here are some examples of the different types of notifications: 

| **Notification type** | **Examples**                                                 |
|-----------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| Incident              | Service downtime detected, outage resolved                   |
| Technical             | Scheduled maintenance, update required                       |
| Security              | Suspicious login attempt detected, MFA activated/deactivated |
| Billing               | New invoice sent, credit card expired                        |

> ## How to notify users outside of your Organization

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## How to notify users outside of your Organization

```

You can set external contacts to receive notifications related to your Organization. 

> 1. Go to the **External notifications** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the **External notifications** section.
```

2. Click **Add Contact**.
3. Enter the contact’s **name** and select a **delivery method** (email, SMS, or webhook).
4. Click **Select notification type**. 

> 5. Choose the notifications the contact should receive (e.g., Incident, Billing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Choose the [notifications]([console/account/how-to/manage-notifications/#types-of-notifications) the contact should receive (e.g., Incident, Billing).
```

6. Click **Add contact** to confirm. 

> ## How to view notification history

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## How to view notification history

```

To view the history of notifications sent to your Organization:
1. Click the **History** tab in the notification manager.
2. Browse the list to see past notifications, including their type, recipients, and date.

> ## How to subscribe or unsubscribe to the Scaleway newsletter

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## How to subscribe or unsubscribe to the Scaleway newsletter

```

---
meta:
  title: How to manage notifications
  description: Learn how to use the notification manager
content:
  h1: How to manage notifications
  paragraph: Learn how to use the notification manager.
tags: account notification
dates:
  validation: 2024-12-04
  posted: 2024-12-04
categories:
  - account
---

The **notification manager** allows you to configure different types of notifications about your Organization. It also provides shortcuts to your [Budget alerts](/console/billing/how-to/use-billing-alerts/), [Cockpit alerts](/observability/cockpit/how-to/enable-alert-manager/), and the Scaleway [status page](https://status.scaleway.com/). 

<Macro id="requirements" />

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)

## Accessing the notification manager

> To access the Notification Manager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the notification manager:
```
